imagine yourself as one of the crew of
this faster-than-light spaceship of the
future
sharing their curiosity to know the
unknown their tension their readiness
for inconceivable adventures sir we're
being radar scanned united planets
cruiser c57 d JJ adams commanding who
are you
Morbius of the Bellerophon dr. Morbius
My Orders are to survey the situation on
Altair for commander if you set down on
this planet I warn you that I cannot be
answerable for the safety of your ship
or your crew when you reach the
Forbidden Planet
you will meet dr. Morbius played by
Walter Pidgeon the doctor is sole owner
of this fabulous world and Francis is
his alluring daughter Alta who has never
seen a young man till she meets
commander Adams played by talented
Leslie Nielsen Mauryan didn't bring my
bathing suit what's a bathing suit ha ha
murder
you will meet a charming character in
the robot able to produce all ordered 10
tons of lead or a slinky evening gown
always at your service you must be the
loveliest softest thing you've ever made
for me and fit in all the right places
with lots and lots of star sapphires
star sapphires take a week to
crystallize properly with diamonds or
emeralds to you explore all the wonders
of a vanished civilization you travel
deep down into the heart of the
Forbidden Planet to discover the
incredible marvels of this lost genius
race these magnificent scenes in
striking Eastman color stagger the
imagination 20 miles down definitely
afraid 7800 leveled yet the wonders of
the planet altair-4 conceal a strange
and evil force unknown irresistible